CodeBook.md, before:

# Getting and Cleaning Data | Code Book

## Data Set Information
The experiments have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six activities (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist. Using its embedded accelerometer and gyroscope, we captured 3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant rate of 50Hz. The experiments have been video-recorded to label the data manually. The obtained dataset has been randomly partitioned into two sets, where 70% of the volunteers was selected for generating the training data and 30% the test data. 


### Attribute Information:
The sensor signals (accelerometer and gyroscope) were pre-processed by applying noise filters and then sampled in fixed-width sliding windows of 2.56 sec and 50% overlap (128 readings/window). The sensor acceleration signal, which has gravitational and body motion components, was separated using a Butterworth low-pass filter into body acceleration and gravity. The gravitational force is assumed to have only low frequency components, therefore a filter with 0.3 Hz cutoff frequency was used. From each window, a vector of features was obtained by calculating variables from the time and frequency domain.

For each record in the dataset it is provided: 
- Triaxial acceleration from the accelerometer (total acceleration) and the estimated body acceleration
- Triaxial Angular velocity from the gyroscope
- A 561-feature vector with time and frequency domain variables
- Its activity label
- An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment


## Data Set Variables
- xTrain, yTrain, xTest, yTest, subjectTrain and subjectTest contain data from UCI HAR Dataset files
- traindata, testData and tblData merge previous datasets to further analysis
- colNames stores column names for tblData
- logV stores logical vector to extract mean and standard deviation measurements from tblData
- tblData_xactivity subset of tblData without activity column
- tidyData subset of tblData with 


- A similar approach is taken with activity names through the activities variable.
- all_data merges x_data, y_data and subject_data in a big dataset.
- Finally, averages_data contains the relevant averages which will be later stored in a .txt file. ddply() from the

Commit message:

CodeBook.md
Added CodeBook.md
Format updates to README.md and run_analysis.R

CodeBook.md, after:

# Getting and Cleaning Data | Code Book

## Data Set Information
The experiments have been carried out with a group of 30 volunteers within an age bracket of 19-48 years. Each person performed six activities (WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING) wearing a smartphone (Samsung Galaxy S II) on the waist. Using its embedded accelerometer and gyroscope, we captured 3-axial linear acceleration and 3-axial angular velocity at a constant rate of 50Hz. The experiments have been video-recorded to label the data manually. The obtained dataset has been randomly partitioned into two sets, where 70% of the volunteers was selected for generating the training data and 30% the test data. 


### Attribute Information:
The sensor signals (accelerometer and gyroscope) were pre-processed by applying noise filters and then sampled in fixed-width sliding windows of 2.56 sec and 50% overlap (128 readings/window). The sensor acceleration signal, which has gravitational and body motion components, was separated using a Butterworth low-pass filter into body acceleration and gravity. The gravitational force is assumed to have only low frequency components, therefore a filter with 0.3 Hz cutoff frequency was used. From each window, a vector of features was obtained by calculating variables from the time and frequency domain.

For each record in the dataset it is provided: 
- Triaxial acceleration from the accelerometer (total acceleration) and the estimated body acceleration
- Triaxial Angular velocity from the gyroscope
- A 561-feature vector with time and frequency domain variables
- Its activity label
- An identifier of the subject who carried out the experiment


## Data Set Variables
- features and activity contain data from UCI HAR Dataset files
- xTrain, yTrain, xTest, yTest, subjectTrain and subjectTest contain data from UCI HAR Dataset files
- traindata, testData and tblData merge previous datasets to further analysis
- colNames stores column names for tblData
- logV stores logical vector to extract mean and standard deviation measurements from tblData
- tblData_xactivity subset of tblData without activity column
- tidyData subset of tblData with descriptive activity names and variable means for each activity and subject 


## Data Set Transformations
**Section 1.**  Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set  
Reads in raw data files, assigns column names, and merges data to create tblData.

**Section 2.**  Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement  
Creates logical vector and subsets tblData to store only TRUE values for ID, mean() and stddev() columns.

**Section 3.**  Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set  
Cleans up variable names and reassigns new column names to tblData.

**Section 4.**  Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names  
Merges tblData with activity table to include descriptive activity names.  Updates colNames vector with new column names.

**Section 5.**  From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject  
Subsets tblData to include variable means for each activity and subject, and completes final merge to attach new column names. Writes tidyData.txt file to working directory.
